DOCS-7857-Service provider initiated SSO (#70)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/managing-users.adoc

== Configure SAML in Identity Management

. In Anypoint Platform, sign into the master organization as a user with the *Organization Administrator* permission.
. In *Management Center*, click *Access Management*.
. In the navigation menu on the left, click *Identity Providers*.
. Select *Identity Providers* > *SAML 2.0*.

> . Complete the required fields of the *External Identity - Identity Management SAML 2.0* form:

Author: ```suggestion
. Complete the required fields of the *Identity Management SAML 2.0* form:
```

== Configure SAML in Identity Management

> . In Anypoint Platform, sign in to the master organization as a user with the Organization Administrator permission.

Reviewer: nit: You don't sign in to the master organization. You just sign in.

Author: ```suggestion
. In Anypoint Platform, sign in as a user with the Organization Administrator permission.
```

> . In Anypoint Platform, sign into the master organization as a user with the *Organization Administrator* permission.

Reviewer 2: The verbs are to sign in (to) and to log in (to)
```suggestion
. In Anypoint Platform, sign in to the master organization as a user with the *Organization Administrator* permission.
```
Is Org Admin a UI label? Otherwise I would not format it in bold.

Author: ```suggestion
. In Anypoint Platform, sign in to the master organization as a user with the Organization Administrator permission.
```

+
An arbitrary string value that identifies your Anypoint Platform organization. The typical value for this string is `<organizationDomain>.anypoint.mulesoft.com`.
+
* *Single Sign-On Initiation*
+

> Specifies which identity provider you use to initiate single sign-on (SSO). The *Service Provider Only* option allows Anypoint Platform to initiate SSO. The *Identity Provider Only* option allows your external identity provider to initiate SSO. The *Both* option means either Anypoint Platform or your external identity provider can initiate SSO. The default value for this setting is *Both* for newly configured identity provider configurations. For existing identity provider configurations, the default setting is *Identity Provider Only*.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Specify whether SSO can be initiated by the Anypoint Platform, your identity provider (e.g., Okta), or both. 

- The *Service Provider Only* option allows only the Anypoint Platform to initiate SSO. 
- The *Identity Provider Only* option allows only your external identity provider to initiate SSO. 
- The *Both* option means either Anypoint Platform or your external identity provider can initiate SSO. 

The default value for this setting is *Both (recommended)* for newly configured identity provider configurations. For existing identity provider configurations, the default setting is *Identity Provider Only*.
```

+
An arbitrary string value that identifies your Anypoint Platform organization. The typical value for this string is `<organizationDomain>.anypoint.mulesoft.com`.
+

> * *Single Sign-On Initiation*

Reviewer 2: Why is this bullet item boldface and in title style?
Is this a UI label?
Otherwise
```suggestion
* Single sign-on initiation*
```
And we are using "single sign-on" because of SSO rather than our verb of "sign in to"?

Author: It is a UI label, yes.

+

> Specify whether SSO can be initiated by the Anypoint Platform, your identity provider (e.g., Okta), or both. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Specify whether SSO can be initiated by the Anypoint Platform, your identity provider (for example, Okta), or both. 
```

> 

Reviewer 2: If the following are subbullet list items, they should be formatted using double astrisks

> - The *Service Provider Only* option allows only the Anypoint Platform to initiate SSO. 

Author: ```suggestion
** The *Service Provider Only* option allows only the Anypoint Platform to initiate SSO. 
```

> - The *Identity Provider Only* option allows only your external identity provider to initiate SSO. 

Author: ```suggestion
** The *Identity Provider Only* option allows only your external identity provider to initiate SSO. 
```

> - The *Both* option means either Anypoint Platform or your external identity provider can initiate SSO. 

Reviewer 2: parallelism
```suggestion
** The *Both* option allows either Anypoint Platform or your external identity provider to initiate SSO. 
```

> - The *Both* option means either Anypoint Platform or your external identity provider can initiate SSO. 

Author: ```suggestion
** The *Both* option means either Anypoint Platform or your external identity provider can initiate SSO. 
```

+

> The default value for this setting is *Both (recommended)* for newly configured identity provider configurations. For existing identity provider configurations, the default setting is *Identity Provider Only*.

Reviewer 2: parallelism
```suggestion
The default value for this setting for newly configured identity provider configurations is *Both (recommended)*. For existing identity provider configurations, the default setting is *Identity Provider Only*.
```

> The default value for this setting for newly configured identity provider configurations is *Both (recommended)*. For existing identity provider configurations, the default setting is *Identity Provider Only*.

Reviewer: I don't think we should say
_For existing identity provider configurations, the default setting is *Identity Provider Only*_
It'll go stale immediately after launch

Author: ```suggestion
The default value for this setting for newly configured identity provider configurations is *Both (recommended)*.
```

> The default value for this setting for newly configured identity provider configurations is *Both (recommended)*. For existing identity provider configurations, the default setting is *Identity Provider Only*.

Reviewer 3: We removed the `(recommended)` text from the UI, as it will mislead some users. We don't want to enforce anything on them. But still `Both` will be the default.

```suggestion
The default value for this setting for newly configured identity provider configurations is *Both*. For existing identity provider configurations, the default setting is *Identity Provider Only*.
```

Author: ```suggestion
The default value for this setting for newly configured identity provider configurations is *Both*.
```
